Ah, 14 kilograms.
He crossed the barrier of Kunlun Castle
Accepted by Kunlun Castle
This oops
This celestial fairy is like walking on flat ground for him
Who the hell is he?
How is this possible?
Boy, pinch me
Am I dreaming?
Mom, you're not dreaming
It really reached the 28th session today.
Impossible this is impossible
He is a waste
How can I get the introduction of Kunlun Guarantee?
Hey look at the sky
Ah!
All kinds of immortals appear
What kind of power is this?
This is the master
Your parent lion can't do it
Ah!
Does the ancient sword respond?
What is the long-lived prime minister doing to board these 28 rooms?
Nothing can
Could it be that he still wants to repair the dragon vein?
Is impossible
Even if he does
He won't stay long
Yes, I see.
He's just hanging out in prison
You'll be chopped down in a while
A minute has passed
It hasn't popped up yet.
Don't you tell him to die?
Kunlun mirror reflects all things in the three realms
true
Standing in front of the Kunlun Treasure Mirror, I closed the three worlds
This is the half-step fairy of the old man
Can't do it either?
Is he
Is Zhang Shoucheng really the destined person of Kunlun Treasure Mirror?